en: add docs for generate --fail-on-error (#1638)
nuxt/docs: en/guide/commands.md

It will create a `dist` folder with everything inside ready to be deployed on a static hosting site.

> To see error status from page generation, you need to pass `--fail-on-page-error` argument to command:

Author: Oh, sorry for my misunderstand.
I will resolve it. 😂

It will create a `dist` folder with everything inside ready to be deployed on a static hosting site.

> To return non-zero status code when a page error is encountered and let CI cancel deployment, you need to pass `--fail-on-page-error` argument to command. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To return a non-zero status code when a page error is encountered and let the CI/CD fail the deployment or build, you can use the `--fail-on-page-error` argument. 
```

Author: That's my terrible grammar.
I will fix it. 😂
